{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This file describes the replication package for `Sell Low and Buy Hugh: An Arbitrage Puzzle\'94, to be published in The Quarterly Journal of Economics. \
\

\f1\b Content\

\f0\b0 The replication package consists of three subfolders.
\f2\i \
\
Code:
\f1\i0\b  
\f0\b0 This folder has 2 subfolders - 
\f2\i do files 
\f0\i0 and 
\f2\i ado files. 
\f0\i0 \
- 
\f2\i ado files 
\f0\i0 has the `fanreg.ado` file needed to run the code in the 
\f2\i do files 
\f0\i0 folder.\

\f2\i - do files c
\f0\i0 ontains the `Analysis.do` \

\f2\i \
Data
\f0\i0  This folder has 2 subfolders - 
\f2\i main
\f0\i0  and 
\f2\i temp
\f0\i0 . \
 - 
\f2\i main 
\f0\i0 contains all the datasets required to run the code. \
This folder contains 7 STATA .dta files. \

\f2\i - temp:
\f0\i0  This folder is empty. Intermediate datasets are saved to it. \

\f2\i \
Output:
\f1\i0\b  
\f0\b0 This folder is empty. Final results are saved to it. It has 2 subfolders - 
\f2\i plots 
\f0\i0 and
\f2\i  tables. \
- plots 
\f0\i0 has 2 subfolders 
\f2\i plots1 
\f0\i0 and 
\f2\i plots2 
\f0\i0 which saves the final figures
\f2\i \
- tables 
\f0\i0 has 3 subfolders 
\f2\i tables1, tables2 
\f0\i0 and 
\f2\i lrfu 
\f0\i0 which saves the final tables\
\

\f1\b How to\

\f0\b0 To replicate any of the results in the paper or online appendix:\
1.) Open `Analysis.do` in STATA. \
2.) Set the path in line 12 to your local path. \
3.) Run the .do file. \
}